examples/README.rst, before:

================
mdlfit examples
================

Here is the list of examples of the functionality of mdlfit.


`/examples/encode_dataset_from_directory.py <encode_dataset_from_directory.py>`_
  encode a dataset from a directory containing music xml files.

`/examples/encode_dataset_from_music21.py <encode_dataset_from_music21.py>`_
  encode a dataset from one of the corpus provided by music21_.

`/examples/find_optimal_precision.py <find_optimal_precision.py>`_
 compute optimal precision value for a given model and dataset

`/examples/fit_models_example.py <fit_models_example.py>`_
 fit all the models for the given dataset

`/examples/load_encoded_dataset.py <load_encoded_dataset.py>`_
 load encoded dataset from a pickle file

Jupyter Notebooks
=================

* [Music encoding demo notebook](https://gitlab.fing.edu.uy/rocamora/mdlfit/blob/master/examples/mdlfit-encode_music_datasets.ipynb): how to encode a dataset from music xml files and from a dataset provided by music21.
* [Minimum description length demo notebook](https://gitlab.fing.edu.uy/rocamora/mdlfit/blob/master/examples/mdlfit-fit_all_models.ipynb): how to compute minimum description length for different models and datasets.


.. _music21: https://web.mit.edu/music21/

Commit message:

added notebook links to README in examples folder

examples/README.rst, after:

================
mdlfit examples
================

Here is the list of examples of the functionality of mdlfit.

Command-line scripts
====================

`/examples/encode_dataset_from_directory.py <encode_dataset_from_directory.py>`_
  encode a dataset from a directory containing music xml files.

`/examples/encode_dataset_from_music21.py <encode_dataset_from_music21.py>`_
  encode a dataset from one of the corpus provided by music21_.

`/examples/find_optimal_precision.py <find_optimal_precision.py>`_
 compute optimal precision value for a given model and dataset

`/examples/fit_models_example.py <fit_models_example.py>`_
 fit all the models for the given dataset

`/examples/load_encoded_dataset.py <load_encoded_dataset.py>`_
 load encoded dataset from a pickle file

Jupyter Notebooks
=================

`examples/mdlfit-encode_music_datasets.ipynb <examples/mdlfit-encode_music_datasets.ipynb>`_
 how to encode a dataset from music xml files and from a dataset provided by music21
`examples/mdlfit-fit_all_models.ipynb <examples/mdlfit-fit_all_models.ipynb>`_ 
 how to compute minimum description length for different models and datasets.


.. _music21: https://web.mit.edu/music21/
